2. Customer Protection Requirements
	- In order to protect customers that change their mind, all Service Providers must agree to an unconditional money back policy of at least 3 days. The Service Provider must issue a refund within 24 hours of the customer requesting.
	- In order to protect customers access to systems must strictly be controlled. Although this requirement can not be directly monitored we request that our hosts use strong passwords on their systems, with private key authentication where possible. 
	- To protect customer data, all hosts must employ some form of data backup / retention from disk failure. The requirement of this is at least one copy, however more than one is prefered. An example basic implementation of this would be a RAID 1 disk array, whereas a prefered implementation would be a RAID 1 with daily offsite backups. 
	- In order to ensure customer payment security, we require our service providers to meet compliance with their payment processing partners.
		* To ensure legitimacy with the purchasing of products or services through the applicant through PayPal, we require that all business PayPal accounts be of “Verified” status, which must be displayed on your website at all times on any part of the site, however it is recommended to be in the footer. NOTE: If you do not use PayPal, this step is not required.
	- In order to maintain clients privacy while transmitting data to service providers, we require certain security protocols to be in place.
		* It is a requirement for all service providers to enable SSL on their site, to allow client details to be transmitted encrypted. We recommend that service providers use EV SSL where possible.
		* When service providers are accepting payment details directly on their site, then must ensure they meet PCI compliance, as required by local authorities. 